Write a python code as per the below guidelines which will calculate the percentage and grade of a student based on the percentage of marks.

Define a class Student with attributes roll number (roll), student name(name) and a list which stores the marks scored by the students(marks_list).

Provide following methods to the class

1. calculate_percentage() This method will calculate the percentage of the student on the basis of the marks obtained by him/her and return the percentage value.

Percentage Calculation:

Percentage = Sum of all the marks/Number of subjects

2 find grade():This method will find the grade of the student on the basis of the percentage acquired by the student. The method returns the grade of the student

The criteria for grade calculation:

1. If percentage of marks is greater than or equal to 80, grade is 'A'. 
2. If percentage of marks is greater than or equal to 60 but less than 80, grade is 'B'
3. percentage of marks is greater than or equal to 40 but less than 60, grade is 'C'
4. percentage of marks is less than 40, grade is 'F'.


1. Instructions to test your code against your input:

When you want to test your program by providing customized input please follow the below step

Select the check box "Test against custom input" and input the data as explained in the text area that is populated after selection of the check box.

a. Provide an integer in the first line of the text area, which represents the numbers of elements to be added in the input list 
b. Provide the elements one by one in each line after that
c. Click on "Run code" to test your code against your customized input provided as above

For example 1, if you want to give a list of 123 as the student numbet and Rahul as the name and 3 subject marks then then in the text area for customized input, provide the input as follows:

123
Rahul
3
80
70
80

Note: Third line in the above input represents the number of subjects marks to be entered in the next lines.

Output:
76
B

Example2: if you want to give a list of 200 as the student numbet and Asha as the name and 4 subject marks (90,90,80,60) then in the text area for customized input, provide the input as follows:

200
Asha
4
90
90
80
60

Note: Third line in the above input represents the number of subjects marks to be entered in the next lines.

Output:
80
A